{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-ItalicMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red13\green13\blue20;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c5490\c6275\c10196;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18940\viewh16580\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Databases instructions\
\

\f1\i Gad2projectionsBrainInputDevision.mat
\f0\i0 \
\
The data contains the following structured data:\'a0\
\
1. \'91functionalDevisionPercentage quantifies the inputs from the major functional groups of areas. 1 is from Gad2-LGN; 2 is form Gad2-Pbg. \cf2 The data is related to 
\f2\b Figure 4A.
\f0\b0 \cf2 \
\
2. \'92sensoryDevisionPercentage\'92 quantifies the inputs from sensory-related groups of areas. 1 is from Gad2-LGN; 2 is form Gad2-Pbg. \cf2 The data is related to 
\f2\b Figure 4C.
\f0\b0 \cf2 \
\
3. \'91functionalDevisionSummary\'92 includes the bias index of each area (sorted for each functional group) shown in\'a0
\f2\b Figure4B
\f0\b0 \'a0and their normalized densities. \cf2 The data is related to 
\f2\b Figure 4B.
\f0\b0 \cf2 \
\
4. \'91sensoryDevisionSummary\'92 includes the bias index of each area s (sorted for individual sensory sub-group) shown in\'a0
\f2\b Figure 4D
\f0\b0 \'a0and their normalized densities. \'91sensoryIdx\'92 indicates the index of the brain regions included in the sensory class.\'a0 \cf2 The data is related to 
\f2\b Figure 4D.
\f0\b0 \cf2 \
\
5. \'91DefensiveDevisionSummary\'92 includes the bias index of each area s (sorted for each defensive and nondefensive group) shown in\'a0
\f2\b Figure 4E
\f0\b0 \'a0and their normalized densities. \'91denfensiveIdx\'92 indicates the index of the brain areas included in the defensive group.\'a0\cf2 The data is related to 
\f2\b Figure 4E.
\f0\b0 \cf2 \
\
}